chore: Added sections on residue and cleanup (#71)
c6o/docs: content/references/intercept.md

| --remotePort | -r    | The remote port number of the remote service to be intercepted. This is optional if the service only exposes a single port.
| --localPort  | -l    | The local port number that traffic should be fowarded to on this machine.
| --header     | -x    | Custom intercept header and value header:value. Default is `X-C6O-INTERCEPT:yes`.

> | --kubeconfig | -k    | Path to a specific the kubeconfig resource to use for cluster credentials. Defaults to using the KUBECONFIG environment variable.

Reviewer: The global search and replace should not have updated this reference to `file`

> [!EXPERT]
> To learn more about how ngrok works, see [https://ngrok.com/](https://ngrok.com/).

## Residue

This section describes what the intercept command creates within a cluster to accomplish its task and instructions on what to do if something breaks.

The intercept command creates three resource files within the namespace of the deployment that is intercepted:

> 1. A session file

Reviewer: Data in k8s are called `resources`

```suggestion
1. A Session resource
```

Reviewer: Please change references to file throughout the document

> 2. A redirector deployment with its corresponding pods

Reviewer: Deployments have Pods is understood (and a ReplicaSet)
```suggestion
2. A reverse-proxy Deployment
```

> 3. A decoy service for routing un re-directed traffic to the original deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A decoy Service for routing un re-directed traffic to the original Deployment
```

> The intercept command modifies the service in front of the deployment by backing up and then modifying the selectors to point to the redirector deployment. This accompishes the task of creating diversions with requests containing the header specified by the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intercept command modifies the Service in front of the Deployment by backing up and then modifying the selectors to point to the intercept Deployment. This accomplishes the task of routing requests based on headers specified by the command.
```

      ops:
      - op: replace
        path: /spec/selector
        value:
          [some key1]: [some value1]
          [some key2]: [some value2]
      - op: replace
        path: /spec/ports
        value:
        - name: unsecure
          port: [some port]
          protocol: TCP
          targetPort: [some port]
      service:
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: Service
        metadata:
          name: [workload name]
          namespace: [your namespace
...
```
```bash
> kubectl edit service [your service name] -n [your namespace]
```

Find the section that has this:
```yaml
  selector:
    app: interceptor
    system.codezero.io/session: [some hash, like: 29ad008882b59faa516d733051a9d14b2d3b6836]
```
and set it to the original, correct the selector to:

```yaml
  selector:
    [some key1]: [some value1]
    [some key2]: [some value2]
    ...
```
and the ports section will be directed to port 80:
```yaml
  ports:
  - name: unsecure
    port: [some port]
    protocol: TCP
    targetPort: 80
```
Correct this to the original port given in the session file.
```yaml
  ports:
  - name: unsecure
    port: [some port]
    protocol: TCP
    targetPort: [some port]
```

> Then delete the residue files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then delete the intercept residue resources
```
